Do I make you less?
You are famous because of me.
And the first thing that my opposite sex gets locked down is to use all of my energy to help you climb to the top of this career.
Let you be Egret Yuan-kun
You think a hundred is a drop of grace.
I'd like to report ten times a hundred.
But I can't believe you're not satisfied in the end.
You'd rather kill me.
Replacement
10 years of brotherhood.
You didn't believe me because you trusted me so much, you didn't say I was hurt today.
Lord Guang, you are too much.
How can you say that about Yuan-kun?
Did you know that
Yuan Quan, how worried is he about your comfort?
Is he worried I'm not dead?
Fear of forgetting the plan
Okay.
I'll ask you one last time.
Don't you like it?
Yes.
If you think I'm guilty.
What about the evidence?
Single Card
Tell me.
Does he hate you for murder?
What else do you want to say?